[MUSIC PLAYING]
>>JAY WEIDNER: Hi, everybody.
I'm Jay Weidner, and today we're
continuing our conversation
with Jason Rice.
Hey, Jason.
>>JASON RICE: Hello, Jay.
Thank you for having me again.
>>JAY: So let's just
recap a little bit here.
You were wounded
gravely on Planet Three.
And you went to Mars,
where you rehabbed,
and then you went
back to Planet Two
to work in kind of
the recovery program.
>>RICE: That's right.
>>JAY: You got to actually
see the results of,
I guess we could say the
Cabal's plan, for this planet.
>>RICE: That's right.
>>JAY: And it was
basically to move them
from a rural agrarian kind of
society to a more high tech.
And to do it quickly, they
had to basically manipulate
the situation
through false flags.
>>RICE: That's correct.
>>JAY: So here we are.
You're on this planet.
What happens now?
>>RICE: Well, we're there
to help them rebuild
and to help keep the peace.
A lot of our mission posture
was related to policing actions,
because the scope
and the breadth
of the war pretty much affected
every corner of the planet.
So a lot of the social services
or the governmental services
where they were,
were broken down.
And the entire population
that was left--
again, about a third of the
4 billion that started out--
where what were remaining,
they were reliant entirely
on the government structure
for their well-being,
for their supplies, for their
food, for their housing,
taking care of their families.
So part of our mission
structure required
us to take on policing
actions, or civil service.
So we had to finish out and
help them get that established.
And part of the plan
was by the Cabal
to get them to a technology
based civilization
as quickly as possible,
because part of the AI plan
was to speed up the
technology progression.
>>JAY: And this was
the MO pretty much,
I would say that this group
that you were operating with,
were doing everywhere.
And even beyond what
you experienced.
>>RICE: Even beyond
what I experienced.
>>JAY: How long did
you serve in this duty?
>>RICE: I was on the rebuilding
efforts for Callidus 3
for another couple of years.
>>JAY: And then you finally--
that was the end
of your service?
>>RICE: And that was the
end of my deployment.
>>JAY: What do they do, come
up to you and say, hey thanks.
You've been helpful, but
we're sending you back?
>>RICE: Well, they weren't
finished with me yet.
They decided that the experience
and knowledge that I had gained
through my deployments
on a number of planets
was invaluable to the
continued efforts,
and they needed me in
the training regiments.
And so that was where I
spent my next appointment.
I was returned back
to the Sol System,
and spent the remaining years
of my service in the SSP
working as a trainer.
>>JAY: For tactics and weapons?
>>RICE: Tactics, weapons.
New people coming
in, they're going
through the exact same thing
that I had gone through.
>>JAY: A lot of people
going through these things?
>>RICE: There were
about 5,000 a year.
Just about any
and every country.
>>JAY: Are they
volunteers, these people,
or were they taken against
their will, or what?
>>RICE: They were
all volunteers.
All of the ones that I
helped in the training
were all volunteers.
They were all service or
military related in some way,
be it the Navy or the Marines
or the Air Force or the Army,
from a wide range of countries.
>>JAY: And how long
did you do this?
>>RICE: I did this
for almost five years.
>>JAY: That's
quite an adventure.
>>RICE: It was.
>>JAY: It probably
was a relief to be
doing that work after being
in the battles and wars.
>>RICE: It was a
double edged sword.
It was rewarding, as well
as incredibly concerning.
Because that was around the time
that I started piecing together
a lot of the puzzle pieces
and getting a full picture,
a better picture, of
what was really going on.
>>JAY: One of the things that we
didn't cover in your narrative
was the time that you spent
in the South Pacific, right?
And it's important to at least
touch on this, so let's do.
So what happened?
How did you get to the South
Pacific early on in your career
there?
>>RICE: Sure.
The training that we
went through in the FIG--
the Fort Indiantown
Gap-- underground base
wrapped up with two missions.
The first was to Antarctica.
In which we had to individually
use our intuitive empath
abilities to navigate
back to base.
And then the second was
similar, except that it
wasn't in Antarctica.
It was in the South Pacific.
Now, the Arne and Nicobar
islands off the coast of India
have these large
rock structures there
off the coast in which you have
these essentially cylinders
of islands that are topped
with grass and green
and have some foliage.
But they're amazingly
beautiful structures.
And there's an area--
I still have not
located it, but there's
an area in the South Pacific
where we were dropped off
on the top of one of these.
Again, this was an
individual exercise
in which we were reliant upon
our intuitive empath abilities
to navigate our way
back to our base.
The purpose being is that
they wanted us, number one,
to have full confidence
in those abilities.
And you know, they build
us up to a point where
they have to test it.
And so that's one
of the ways they've
found to be the best way to do
it is to set a person loose.
>>JAY: And so
again, was it trying
to find your way back navigating
through, what the jungle,
or what?
>>RICE: This was a
little different.
Part of the anti-gravity
tactics that they taught us
and that we trained
on involved the use
of what, for the lack of a
better way of putting it,
were these
transformable gliders.
And so they're
individual gliders.
We had individual
anti-gravity packs.
They were limited
by their batteries,
so you didn't have to
use a full pulse drive.
You could use it as
intermittent to get you
where you needed to go.
And then using the natural
aerodynamics of a glider--
>>JAY: Hang glider?
>>RICE: Hang glider, yeah.
>>JAY: So you use
g-forces to lift,
and then you use the
aerodynamics to fly around.
>>RICE: Well, they
dropped us off
on the top of these pillars.
And some of them were hundreds
of feet up above the water.
And so we had a natural jump
off point to get airborne,
and so we didn't have to
use the anti-gravity pulse
of our backpacks
to get us airborne.
And so once you got
airborne, then you
would try and find neo-thermals
to keep and stay aloft
so that you could preserve the
backpack as long as possible.
>>JAY: And that
was the training,
was to try to stay aloft?
>>RICE: Stay aloft
and to direct and find
that we're about 500 miles away.
The base-- is it this
direction or that direction?
You have no idea, no clue.
So you have to use your
intuitive empathic abilities
to say, OK, I think
it's this direction.
That feels right, and that's
the way that I'm going.
And so you had to
navigate your way
there using the tools that they
gave you, the limited ones.
The gliders transformed,
had floats on them,
so that if you did
go down in the water,
mechanically you could
reconfigure it into what
became a small sail craft.
Because you know,
the wings were fabric
and so they're easily
converted into a sailing craft.
>>JAY: Did you get back?
Apparently, you did.
>>RICE: I made it back.
It took me about
12 days to do it.
And the nanite
enhancements allowed you
to preserve and
conserve your energy,
as well as requiring that you
didn't have to eat as often.
We carried water with us, and
so we weren't devoid of water.
And that was rationed
out individually so
that you survived the trip.
Part of what I
had also provided,
because I'm an engineer with
the conventional training
as an engineer, is that
at one point in time,
I was called to a
Russian base to help them
with what was an advanced
propulsion system on a ground
vehicle that they had
captured from somewhere.
I had never seen it before.
>>JAY: Oh, really?
And this was a Russian base
in space or here on Earth?
>>RICE: This was a Russian
base here on Earth.
>>JAY: Tell me about the base
in Russia that you went to.
>>RICE: The Russian
base that I went
to was in the tropical area
on the planet somewhere.
I don't believe that it was in
Russia, the mainland of Russia
per se.
But it was somewhere
within the tropical areas,
based on the weather and the
temperature and humidity.
>>JAY: This was during your time
that you were training people?
>>RICE: This was the time
that I was training people.
>>JAY: Engineering skills?
>>RICE: I used my
engineering skills.
>>JAY: And what was this
thing you were looking at?
>>RICE: It was a ground vehicle.
It had wheels, except the power
plant was something I'd never
seen before or experienced.
And so they wanted my
help and assistance
in evaluating what it
was and how it operated.
Part, I'd say about a
third of the vehicle,
had been destroyed through--
they wouldn't tell
me what it was.
I didn't ask.
But part of it was missing.
The parts that we did
have were enough to do
some reverse engineering
and some work on.
>>JAY: And why
did they think you
were going to be able to help?
>>RICE: Because of my
engineering background,
and the experience that I'd
had on multiple planets.
>>JAY: Right.
And like me, you may have seen
one of these vehicles in--
>>RICE: Correct.
Correct.
>>JAY: Did they ever discern
what this vehicle was
or where it came from?
>>RICE: I suspect
that it was probably
from one of the other
division's exploits
from a different planet
that I had not been to.
>>JAY: Is the Russian SSP
associated with the Cabal SSP,
or are they all the same?
>>RICE: All of the
countries on the planet
contribute soldiers to
this Mars German program.
Because any country that
wants to participate
or be able to use the LOC
has to contribute soldiers
to the effort.
That's the price.
>>JAY: So then any
other adventures
between that and the time
that you had to go back?
>>RICE: There was
another time where I
was off planet at a conference.
I was traveling there on an Air
Force SSP interstellar craft.
Most of the people
that I was with
were Air Force personnel, SSP.
And I was there for
advanced physics,
as well as learning some of
the new latest and greatest
technologies.
>>JAY: What was it like
to be on this ship?
>>RICE: It was an amazing ship.
It was a cross
between the shuttle
and B-2 Stealth is
about the closest analog
that I could come up with.
>>JAY: So it had wings?
>>RICE: It was used
inside an atmosphere,
and it was using the
anti-gravity propulsion
systems.
However, the
aerodynamics of it, it
didn't rely on wings
for lift, per se.
I think that the shape that
they used for those wings
was more for disinformation,
as well as space.
Keeping a large open
space inside it,
so that the entire craft being
a large wing more or less,
they had a lot of room inside.
So that was a combination
between the two.
>>JAY: So it was
like anti-gravity,
but they put wings on it to make
everyone think it was flying
in the air like an airplane?
>>RICE: That's correct.
>>JAY: Wow.
I bet they do that a lot.
>>RICE: They do
that quite a bit,
to keep the
disinformation going.
>>JAY: That's very interesting.
You could even do that with
like rockets and missiles.
>>RICE: Absolutely.
>>JAY: Wings on them
and go over your head
and you just think it
was a plane going by.
>>RICE: Just think it
was a plane or a drone.
>>JAY: How did you close out?
Let's just go to that.
>>RICE: Sure.
Sure.
One of the last things that
I did for the SSP was I
out-processed through
a facility at Area 51.
That was my first back
to Earth drop off.
I spent a few days
there re-acclimating.
And then before getting
transferred to a Naval base
in the Northeastern
US, where they
had all of the
medical procedures.
And they had a
retirement ceremony.
I got a provisional promotion--
because again, in the SSP
program that I was in,
none of the Earth
soldiers were allowed
above the rank of Major.
Because that wouldn't--
except for the medical.
Medical is always--
>>JAY: They need doctors.
>>RICE: They need doctors.
But for everybody
else, you never
made it above Major, no matter
how many accolades you had
or how well you did.
>>JAY: So where did you end up?
>>RICE: Well, after
I out-processed
from the German
SSP, back on Earth
the retirement ceremony gave
me a provisional Lieutenant
Colonel.
Which again, was another lie.
I think we'll get
into more of those.
Keep dangling the lies in
front and keep them distracted.
>>JAY: They must have been kind
of laughing at you in a way.
>>RICE: Of course.
Of course.
>>JAY: Kind of humiliating
when you think about it.
>>RICE: Sure.
Sure.
>>JAY: So you were given
like a little ceremony,
and you probably had
to sign paperwork.
>>RICE: Oh, of course.
They did not sparing any
part of the disinformation.
Here's your promotion papers,
and your promotion documents.
And of course, none
of it ever made it
through the transition process.
>>JAY: Just theater.
>>RICE: Just theater.
>>JAY: And then what?
You went into the
place where they
do the nefarious act of setting
you back to your previous 20
year period?
>>RICE: Yes.
>>JAY: What was that like?
>>RICE: What they
go through first
is they put us through an
intense medical procedure that
lasts about 14 days.
The medical procedures
are so invasive that they
have on premises
quarters where you stay.
And immediately outside the
door of your shared apartment--
because there were other people
there going through the same
procedure that I was--
immediately outside the
door is the entrance
to the medical labs.
And so the process
is akin to going
through intense chemotherapy.
It leaves you drained, sick.
I don't remember a lot
from that time period
because I was so doped up during
the process, as well as so sick
during the process.
They keep you half
awake, as well,
for the purposes of trying to
keep you from screaming in pain
or from resisting the
procedures because of all
the intense physical discomfort
that you have to go through.
>>JAY: What, they put you
on like liquid morphine
or something the whole time?
>>RICE: I imagine it was
something akin to that.
>>JAY: Wow.
That's horrifying.
>>RICE: They keep you
doped up, drugged up.
>>JAY: So you're also coming
away with a possible addiction
to morphine and all
sorts of terrible things.
>>RICE: There's no
telling what else.
The mental,
psychological process
that's combined with
removing all the nanites,
cleaning out the entire system,
re-setting the physical body
to the point where they took
you from the initial timeline
and put you into the SSP.
That's the goal is
to reset everything,
to erase anything they can that
would show proof or evidence
of your time in the SSP.
>>JAY: Then after this
horrifying period,
you like woke up back
20 years earlier?
>>RICE: 20 years earlier with
what appeared to be a cold.
>>JAY: You thought
you had a cold?
>>RICE: Thought you had a cold.
>>JAY: I got it.
The stress.
>>RICE: And nobody else
in the unit had a cold.
I didn't suffer from colds.
>>JAY: So you never got
sick the whole time?
>>RICE: Never gotten sick the
whole time, except for that
once.
>>JAY: And then you woke up
back here on Earth with a cold.
>>RICE: Yep.
>>JAY: And you were
what, 24 years old?
Interesting.
>>RICE: I didn't remember any
of it until 20 years later.
>>JAY: What was life
like after that for you?
Were you visibly
shook up, or did you
just kind of go through life?
>>RICE: I was incredibly
emotionally affected
after my return.
I was suffering from
PTSD, depression.
I mean, any number of
things I was going through.
>>JAY: Was it all a mystery?
>>RICE: It was all an
incredibly big mystery.
I went through and tried
to find a conventional
or the obvious
answers for what, why?
And you go through and
you talk to doctors
and you work
through the process.
And eventually put
that period behind me,
and just went about
trying to get on
with the rest of my life.
>>JAY: And then eventually did
memories start coming back?
>>RICE: Memories
started coming back,
and I started having
recollections.
And at first they
were just, wow,
that was a really vivid dream.
Or why do I feel
this tendency to want
to understand this more?
Or why is it that I want
to have that answer?
And why do I feel
like that that's
not the right answer
for this question?
So it was a 20 year process.
>>JAY: Did you ever have any
weird encounters with anyone
that you thought might
have been watching you?
>>RICE: I sure did.
>>JAY: Oh, really?
Once the memories started
coming back a lot better,
it shed a whole new light on why
there were people watching me
while I was at Fort Wood.
Or why I remembered
people coming
to see me in my quarters,
which I couldn't
put any explanation to.
>>JAY: So during your
service in the military,
which occurred after
this 20 and Back--
>>RICE: That's correct.
>>JAY: You were having
strange encounters
during this time period.
>>RICE: Being followed,
being watched, people coming
and visiting me.
>>JAY: Under different
disguises and things,
saying that they were
somebody that they weren't?
>>RICE: Well, they would come
and visit me in my quarters,
so they were on base.
So they must have
had access, they
must have had
clearance to be there.
But you know, these men in black
suits show up at your door.
The only memories
I had at that time
were, OK, I'm here for
officers basic training.
And so you know,
anybody shows up
at your door
flashing a badge, you
do what they need you to do.
Although the mind wipes they
used after they visited,
I wasn't able to recall
what they were there for.
Just flashes and images of them
being there and showing up.
>>JAY: Is there any chance that
these guys, these men in black,
were from the AFOSI--
the Air Force Office of
Special Investigation?
>>RICE: There's no telling
where they were from.
They could have--
>>JAY: Sure?
>>RICE: No, Not that
I've remembered.
Not that I've remembered.
>>JAY: I hear from
the rumor mill
that it's the AFOSI that's
doing the men in black.
>>RICE: I wouldn't doubt it.
I imagine that
there probably are
a lot of covers that they use
for their nefarious activities.
>>JAY: So was
there a time period
after you got out of
the military which
you thought maybe they weren't
watching or there wasn't any?
>>RICE: I thought for a
time that you know, OK,
that was all just a
strange chapter that I
was able to put behind me.
But I recall being back in
civilian life afterwards
and still seeing strange Crown
Victoria sedan following me
or trailing me.
And when I'd stop to go look at
it or to approach the vehicle,
they'd leave.
And so you know, it
eventually got to a point
where I stopped seeing them.
And I think that it was
an observation trailing
to make sure that the
cover story that they used
was sticking.
And for me it did.
>>JAY: How about your jobs
that you had after this?
Is there any
possibility that you
were being assisted
in getting employed
at the places you
were getting employed
at so they could watch you?
>>RICE: There is a chance
that that was the case.
However, I had a
really hard time
after I got out, because
I think that they
had intended on me finishing
out a military career back
here on Earth.
And I wanted no part of that.
I had just gotten there--
>>JAY: You had 40 years of it.
>>RICE: All of a
sudden, I'm not--
no way.
I was done.
>>JAY: You wanted out.
>>RICE: I wanted out.
>>JAY: So did you get
a job when you got out?
>>RICE: I had a hard
time finding one,
but I did get a job.
>>JAY: In the field
you wanted to be in?
>>RICE: In the field I wanted to
be in, doing engineering work.
>>JAY: The memories
started coming back,
and now you're here.
>>RICE: And now I'm here.
>>JAY: The one thing
I do understand
is the expense they
had to go through
to put you through this
20 and Back ordeal.
Why didn't they just get
rid of you, and that was it?
>>RICE: Sure.
Why not just leave
us on some planet
in the middle of nowhere?
>>JAY: You're no
problem anymore.
Because now you've got a chance
you may get your memories back,
too.
So they've got
that to deal with.
But explain it to me.
>>RICE: Sure.
Well, part of the reason
is that the technology
that they used for
the age regression
was given to them
by an alien race.
And the agreements
that they signed,
the contracts that
they agreed to,
required that they would do
everything within their power
to return each of the
recipients of that technology
back to the original
departure place, location
of where they were taken from.
>>JAY: What we have
to come to understand
here is that these
organizations, the Secret Space
Program and all
their affiliates,
they have a set
of rules not only
with the contracts with aliens,
but also among themselves.
And they have to follow
those rules, right?
>>RICE: That's correct.
Even the mafia has their own
set of rules that they follow.
And the SSP programs
are no different.
They have boundaries that they
can skirt right up to the line,
but they have to stay
within those boundaries,
as far as the rules that
they do have to follow.
>>JAY: Is everything
like signed for?
There's paperwork
going on constantly
among the different factions?
Is that what's going on?
>>RICE: There's a paper
trail that they have--
digital, but still
nonetheless it
is their own method of
tracking their madness.
And they do follow it.
You know, one of
the things that we
had to go through in our initial
training was the supply system.
And included in that is how
do you order new supplies?
How do you get them?
What if you're deployed, and
how do you get them delivered?
And there are multitude
of ways that you
can have things dropped
off to you, literally,
from space or via space shuttle,
or brought in or handed over
from another unit.
So yes--
>>JAY: Everything
is accounted for.
>>RICE: Everything
Every last nanite.
>>JAY: Who were the
aliens that gave us
the 20 and Back technology,
and why did they do it?
>>RICE: My understanding is that
the technology was originally
given to the Mars Germans.
And as part of one of the
agreements that they used
for technology transfer,
even though they were giving
something in exchange
for this, they still
had rules that
they had to follow.
>>JAY: And this came from Johan,
that you got this information?
>>RICE: Per Johan the alien race
that made the trade with them,
I suspect--
now, Johan never said
this, but I suspect
it was one of the Nordics.
But that's just one
of my suspicions.
>>JAY: So the
Germans also received
the mind wipe technology
from an alien group,
possibly the Nordics,
too, I don't know.
>>RICE: I suspect that
particular technology
came from the Draco.
>>JAY: The Draco.
>>RICE: Through one of
their assisted developments.
>>JAY: Do you have any
hypothesis on how the mind
right technology works?
>>RICE: Well, I know
that the programming--
because that's
what they call it--
the segmented and
compartmentalized programming
that's used allows them to
selectively program the people
that they need to with go
words, with mission goals,
with compartmentalizing
secrets, information.
They're able to use
it to great effect
for compartmentalization and
keeping people in the dark.
The process involved,
from my own experience,
has been a combination
of pharmaceuticals.
I understand that originally the
pharmaceuticals that they used
only generated about
a 90% success rate,
and that over time they
were able to refine that
down to a 1% to 3%
failure rate based
on the combination
of pharmaceuticals
and the technology.
Understanding magnetics and
fields and the experiences
that I've had with the multiple
different types of weapons
systems and seeing
how they operate,
I can tell you that the fields,
as well as the waves that
are emitted from the
technology for mind wipe,
are energy based that affects
the electrical systems
of the mind.
As far as where and how
medically, that is something
I don't know.
You know, part of the process
for the initial training
was to establish baseline
psychological as well
as medical.
But the psychological
baselines that they established
were based on how they're
going to use that mind wipe
technology to great effect, to
get the best and most efficient
mind wipe that they
were able to get.
And it wasn't
something that they
were able to do immediately
overnight, to come in
and say, OK, let me
reprogram somebody.
It takes a little bit of time.
Even with the
advanced technology,
they had to establish baselines.
Now, they can do
that surreptitiously
without you ever even
knowing that they're
getting an idea for baselines.
They have somebody
come up and ask
you a series of questions
or a question that
recalls a certain memory from
a period in time in which they
can then identify
it remotely to be
able to control or to target.
>>JAY: So they find
out if the mind wipe
worked by asking
for a memory recall,
and then they find where
they have to wipe it out.
>>RICE: Yes.
>>JAY: So it's a continuing
process in a way.
So you were probably
mind wiped quite a bit
over your time period.
>>RICE: A bunch.
>>JAY: And that's going to
be another problem for you
to remember.
>>RICE: Yep.
>>JAY: Walter
Bowart wrote a book
called "Operation Mind Control"
about 25 years ago it came out.
And he talked about
this discovery
that people who had
been MK altered,
that the effects
of the programming
actually only lasted
about 20 years.
And so most people
rolling into their 40s
would start having
these memory recalls.
And this actually
started in about 1985
that the recall
started happening,
which meant that these
people had been mind
wiped in the '60s probably.
Is there like something
to this, do you think,
as an experiencer?
About like at 20 years,
the original field
start coming back into
coherence or something?
>>RICE: Well, I think
that some of it has to do,
based on my own
experiences, it has
to do with the
personal progression.
The individual spiritual
progression, if you will.
And the change in
consciousness that people have.
Generally to begin with
around the age of 40,
you start going
through what's referred
to in many places as
the midlife crisis.
Or you go through
and change your mind.
>>JAY: The dark
night of the soul.
>>RICE: Dark nights of the soul.
People have a
stronger understanding
of their mortality, the
people that they know die
and family and friends
start passing away.
And so an individual's
spiritual growth
generally starts happening
around that time anyway.
And so I think a
combination of things
happened with me is that my
own individual spirituality
changing.
The Earth's fields that it is
passing through and currently
experiencing has an
effect on that as well.
The changing consciousness
of the people on the planet
has an effect on that.
There is never one thing
to blame for anything,
and this is certainly
an example of that
is that there isn't
one reason why
I think the memories came
back the way they did
and as much as they have.
But there were a combination
of factors that played into it.
>>JAY: Did you have
any physical symptoms
when you came back
from the 20 and Back,
or were you just like normal?
>>RICE: All of the enhancements
that they had provided to me
were removed.
All of the nanites were removed.
When I was returned,
it was as if I'd
been returned with a five
day hangover and a bad cold.
I felt terrible.
My entire body ached.
There was nothing in
the way of enhancements.
I was back to the exact same
size, weight, fat content,
you name it.
Everything.
that I had when I left,
they mapped it out,
had it written down
or recorded somewhere,
so they knew exactly where they
needed to bring me back to.
Part of the out-process
also included
making sure that the bio rhythms
matched as far as the cycle.
So that day I was returned
back to the same place that I
was to try and part
of the process--
again, part of those rules
that we talked about--
is returning me to the
point that I was taken
and returning me in
every way that they
could as original as possible.
>>JAY: So you're one
of the few people
I get to talk to that's
actually be to Area 51.
What was it like there?
>>RICE: The out-processing that
they put us through at Area 51,
I did not give
tours or get tours.
I was there just as a layover.
They made sure that
they kept a close watch.
Of course, I was very
interested in it.
I knew what the area was
about, and that there
were a lot of
information out there
about things that had
happened even before I'd
gone into information
blackout in the SSP.
I knew that it was a
secret base that they'd
done a lot of confidential
and classified research.
I was this close
to being out, and I
wasn't about to mess it up.
The facilities
that I did see were
your run of the mill
1950s buildings,
or look alike buildings.
Block, red brick,
aircraft aprons
for landing strips or runways,
the individual quarters
that I was in, which were
basically a room with a bed.
>>JAY: They weren't going
to show you anything anyway.
>>RICE: No.
No, they weren't.
I was not on a need to know.
>>JAY: When they were
processing you out at Area 51,
did you ever get told that
you weren't supposed to talk
about what had happened?
Or how did they handle that?
>>RICE: The personnel at
Area 51 stayed away from me.
So it wasn't like people were
beating on my door to say, hey,
where have you been?
And what have you done?
>>JAY: But how about
your superiors?
Did they tell you at
any point that you were
to shut up about what you saw?
Or the big joke was you weren't
going to remember anything
anyway, right?
>>RICE: Yeah, that
was the big joke.
That from day one, we were not
to tell anybody anything that
wasn't on a need to know.
And so, yeah that
wasn't anything unique
or special to my
arrival at Area 51.
>>JAY: Standard
operating procedure.
>>RICE: That had been
the SOP from day one.
Don't ask questions you don't
need to know the answers to,
and don't tell anybody
unless they show you
that they have a need to know.
>>JAY: And you were
trained well in this?
>>RICE: And we were
trained very well in that.
>>JAY: You had an evolution
of your spiritual beliefs
through this time period?
>>RICE: I would say
it was a stronger
faith in my spiritual beliefs
and reconnection to that.
>>JAY: So you came out in
the end a better person?
>>RICE: I believe so.
>>JAY: So you were
being followed,
that seems either way, I guess.
Do you think you're being
followed and watched now,
and are you afraid
that you're coming out
that you're going to
bring the dogs on again?
>>RICE: Well, there's
always the risk
that the things
that I have to say
are going to upset certain
people or upset certain plans,
or bring to the light the
things that have happened.
And the whole purpose
of me being here
is to help with the process,
the evolution, of disclosure.
Of course, I wouldn't
be human if I
wasn't concerned about the
safety of myself or my family.
However, I'd say that I don't
feel threatened currently
as far as people watching
me or looking out for me.
I have always tried to
maintain positive control
of my environment, and paying
attention to where I'm at
and what I'm doing and who
I talk to and the things
that I go through.
By no means am I
invulnerable, but there
are certain precautions
that you can
take to safeguard those things.
And I certainly do those things.
>>JAY: Well, I think
you're going to be fine.
>>RICE: I know I will.
I know I will.
>>JAY: Hey, Jason, it's been
great having you on the show.
>>RICE: Thank you.
Thank you for having me.
And again, this is
all about disclosure.
ANNOUNCER: Coming this season
on "Cosmic Disclosure," where
people share their clandestine
involvement with government
agencies, the military,
and secret space programs.
>> But the beings that are out
there that are playing with
their genetics and their
spiritual light bodies are very
interested in some of our DNA.
>> They will only get involved
if we're going to destroy
the planet or destroy more
than half the population.
[MUSIC PLAYING]